XRDDEV-1818 (#73)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: doc/security_server_sidecar_user_guide.md

### 2.4 Running the Sidecar Container

To run X-Road Security Server Sidecar, use one of the images published in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/niis/xroad-security-server-sidecar).
Alternatively, you can build container images locally using the [docker-build.sh script](../sidecar/docker-build.sh).

```bash
docker run --detach \
  --name <container name> \
  -p 127.0.0.1:<admin port>:4000 \
  -p 127.0.0.1:<healthcheck port>:5588 \
  -p <consumer information system port>:8443 \
  -p 5500:5500 \
  -p 5577:5577 \
  -e XROAD_TOKEN_PIN=<token pin> \
  -e XROAD_ADMIN_USER=<admin user> \
  -e XROAD_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<admin password> \
  -e XROAD_LOG_LEVEL=INFO \
  # Optional parameters - BEGIN
  -v <config-volume>:/etc/xroad \
  -v <archive-volume>:/var/lib/xroad \
  -v <database-volume>:/var/lib/postgresql/12/main \
  -e XROAD_DB_HOST=<database-host> \
  -e XROAD_DB_PORT=<database-port> \
  -e XROAD_DB_PWD=<postgres password> \
  # Optional parameters - END
  niis/xroad-security-server-sidecar:<version[-type[-variant]>
```

Note! This command persists all configuration inside the Sidecar container which means that state is lost when the container is destroyed.

> In production use, either persistent volumes should be used. Using a separate database is recommended.

Reviewer: But there are the optional parameters, right? Maybe this part should be rephrased a bit.

Reviewer: Perhaps link to chapter 2.7

Author: Perhaps, but I think this is good enough.

See [IG-SS](#Ref_IG-SS) for configuration details.

## 4 Upgrading

Upgrading to a new image is supported, provided that:

* The new container image has the the same or subsequent minor version of the X-Road security server
  * As an exception, upgrading from 6.26.0 to 7.0.x is supported despite the major version change.
* A volume is used for `/etc/xroad`
* A remote database is used, or a volume is mapped to `/var/lib/postgresql/12/data`
* The `xroad.properties` file with `serverconf_admin` etc. credentials is either mapped to `/etc/xroad.properties` or present in `/etc/xroad/xroad.properties`
* The same image type (slim or full) and variant (ee, fi, ...) are used for the new container

If the prerequisites are met, upgrading is straightforward:

* Stop the old container.
  ```
  docker stop <container name>
  docker rename <container name> <container name prev>
  ```
* Run a container using the new (or refreshed) image, using the volumes from the old container.
  ```
  docker run -d \
  --volumes-from <container name prev> \

>   ... published ports and other parameters, e.g network ...

Reviewer: Does it mean that every parameter that was given for the old container has to be given also here?

Author: We are starting a new container, and most parameters need to be given again (some environment parameters like database address are persisted in the x-road configuration so those could be omitted).

  -e XROAD_ADMIN_USER=<admin user> \
  -e XROAD_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<admin password> \
  --name <container name> \
  niis/xroad-security-server-sidecar:<new version[-type[-variant]>
  ```

Notes:

> * If the old container was ephemeral, it is necessary to manually map the volumes (can not use --volumes-from)

Reviewer: What does it mean here that the container is ephemeral? Is it just that the old container didn't use volumes for the data?

Author: If the container was started with `--rm` parameter, it is removed when it stops and --volumes-from does not work.

* Admin user needs to be created every time since it is not part of the persistent configuration

### 4.1 Upgrading from version 6.26.0 to 7.0.0

Upgrading from 6.26.0 to 7.0.0 is supported, if the above prerequisites are met. However, due to a problem in installer scripts, 

> it is necessary to verity that the `/etc/xroad.properties` file has been correctly populated (see [IG-SS, Appendix D](#Ref_IG-SS) for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is necessary to verify that the `/etc/xroad.properties` file has been correctly populated (see [IG-SS, Annex D](#Ref_IG-SS) for details).
```
